my boss said you're the man for the job
but unavailable you have 10 seconds to
change your mind
i'll give you five seconds to remove
your hand
[Music]
i'm an assistant using only the best man
for this assignment
don't think of this as just another job
think of it as
a mission one condition
i drive my own car
we changed the oil gave it a tune-up
took out all the non-essentials
hello to my company you want to tell me
what this is all about
when you pass 75 feet from the
[Music]
save your life
you didn't mention your brain company
it's complicated
with you it's always complicated on
november 26th
they're going to kill us
do not be really something more positive
step away
from the vehicle you've disappointed me
i've been thinking any idiot with a
driver's license will do
they're fired jason statham you think
we're playing games frank
a little late for warnings do you
[Music]
one more think frank come on one more
transporter three
[Music]
you